[theme music]
[sighs]
Thanks a lot. What's your name?
[Se-gyeong] Oh, sorry,
my name is Ko Se-gyeong.
Ik-sun and I live in the same building.
I'm pretty much her closest friend here.
[somber music]
Hello?
Yeah, I'm still here.
I know I already said this earlier,
but when she's out,
it doesn't matter how late it is,
whatever the case, I want you
to make her call me right away.
[Se-gyeong] Yes, don't worry, I will.
In any case, you really don't need
to worry too much.
Her injury isn't that serious.
Okay, thanks again.
-[phone chimes]
-[breathes coarsely]
[sighs]
[exhales]
Damn it. This is nuts…
[inhales]
[sloshing]
[gulps]
[door opens]
[door closes]
What are you doing still up?
My girlfriend is supposed to call me.
Do you need a drinking buddy there?
No, thanks. Just do your thing.
-All right, then.
-[switch clicks]
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
[thuds]
-[door closes]
-[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
[cellphone ringing]
Hello? You okay?
Thank goodness you're not seriously hurt.
What about the driver?
[Ik-sun] Everyone's fine.
That couple's already
at the place we're staying.
No, you're not fine.
Your brain CT scan showed
some bleeding in the brain,
not to mention, you hurt your arm too.
How's that "fine"?
Come on. It's not like my skull is broken.
Plus, it's only a tiny bit of blood. Hell,
even the doctor said it's negligible.
They told me
I shouldn't be worried about it.
There's no need to stress myself.
So, please, I'm totally fine.
Really, I'm okay.
Can't you tell from my voice?
Look, even if the CT scan looks okay now,
you could experience
delayed injury symptoms.
The bleeding could get much worse
in the next two days.
You need to monitor it carefully.
If you vomit, have a headache,
or feel dizzy, go to the ER.
[Ik-sun] Yes, understood, sir.
Stop worrying about me, Professor Kim.
I'm telling you I'll be fine,
so you can go to bed now.
-Isn't it really late there now?
-Uh, yeah, it's 2 a.m.
They, they want you to stay there
to make sure, right?
Yeah, they wanna monitor my condition.
God, I feel totally fine, though, so why?
I've wasted an entire day,
so tomorrow I'm going to check out
Bournemouth Pier and take it easy.
What are you talking about?
What you should do is rest up
for the next two days
and just head back to London.
As a matter of fact,
you should rest up tomorrow
and just head straight back home
the next day.
You feel more comfortable at home.
I don't wanna head back right away.
I'll step out for just a short while.
-[sighs]
-I can take care of myself, you know.
You can stop worrying about me 24/7, okay?
Oops. They're looking for me.
I'll just call you later, okay?
Actually, I'll call you as soon as
I'm leaving the hospital tomorrow.
Go to bed.
I'm already feeling terrible
you stayed up all night because of me.
I'm sorry. Good night.
I love you. Feel better.
Okay, I will. I promise you.
You know I hate it when I don't feel well.
Sweet dreams, Jun-wan. I love you.
Mm.
[phone chimes]
[pensive music]
[sighs]
[theme music playing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
What's up? You wanna see Ba-da now?
-Sure.
-Hello, Professor Ahn. How are you?
I'm fine. Thank you.
Professor Ahn,
with Seo-a, we're only going to keep her
on antibiotics until today.
Any new developments
or should we stick to the plan in DC?
Yeah, no changes at all. We're taking her
off of it as of tomorrow.
[light music]
[indistinct chatter]
[monitor beeping]
[Jun-wan] Dr. Do Jae-hak,
I expect you'll be doing
a good job with the surgery.
[Jae-hak] No need to worry, Professor.
You can definitely count on me.
It feels like all you ever learned
is how to smooth-talk
your way through things.
This is gonna take too long
if you have it easy.
But if I have it easy, it'll be quick.
So, please make sure I can have it
easy today. Can you do that?
[groans]
Well, I'll do the best I can.
-Jae-hak!
-[metal clanks]
Professor Ahn, Ba-da's mother
has been getting increasingly worried.
We told her it's gonna be
a simple surgery,
but she's worried about
the general anesthesia and the scarrings.
So, uh…
[sighs]
No surprise. Of course, she's worried.
To a mother, there's no such thing
as a simple surgery.
Professor Ahn.
Do you have a kid?
Me? Yeah. Many, in fact.
Because I think of all the kids
I've treated as my very own.
[Jeong-won] Hello there.
[chuckles]
He really is like a saint.
You can say that again.
[chuckles]
I read the draft for your thesis.
I know it's a complex topic.
You did a great job.
Professor, I know you're holding back
to make me feel better.
But I want your honest opinion.
It's okay. I can handle it.
Hmm…
what do you say,
we have some coffee first?
Sure, I'll go and make some right now.
I'm guessing you prefer it mild
in the morning?
Mm-hmm. Thank you.
No, wait, I'll do it.
You just go and print out the draft,
Seon-bin,
-so we can look at it.
-Oh, sure.
Professor Chae,
will you be going back to Sokcho tonight?
No, I won't. I'm going tomorrow morning.
Appointments are in the afternoon.
-Dark roast, right?
-Yes, thank you very much.
[Song-hwa] No problem, Seon-bin.
[Jeong-won] We're going to be performing
the surgery early tomorrow morning.
She can eat anything she wants
until bedtime tonight, provided that
she doesn't eat or drink anything
when she wakes up tomorrow,
including water, unfortunately.
[inhales]
Also, is Ba-da a big eater, by any chance?
Yes, she is. She gets so greedy with food.
Oh, no.
You need to keep in mind
that you can only give her food
four hours after the surgery,
so please just be careful
until tomorrow morning.
That's it, so do you have any questions
about the surgery tomorrow?
Just how long will the procedure take?
Uh, the surgery itself
will take about an hour, give or take.
But if we go ahead and include the time
we need to move her to the OR
and put her under then,
I'd say around three hours at the most.
We're going to be performing a procedure
called thyroglossal duct cyst excision.
We'll be making an incision
of about 3 to 5 cm on the neck
to remove the cyst.
Should be a straightforward operation.
Is it gonna leave a noticeable scar?
Well, around, maybe this size?
Even if we try to make it smaller,
it'll be about the same size
as the incision.
[all laugh]
I'm sorry. She's been doing that
to everyone she's been seeing lately.
[chuckles]
Okay, how about we make
a pinky swear for you?
Ba-da, the surgery is gonna go well,
and you'll recover in no time, okay?
-All right.
-[both laugh]
Good girl.
[laughter]
[Seok-hyeong] What about Sim Eun-yeong?
Did anything come up with her?
[Ha-jin] We checked her cervix.
It's about 1 cm,
so it hasn't dilated any further.
But she is having contractions.
I'd say pretty regularly,
and her pulse has increased to 120,
so she's having a hard time.
We took her off ritodrine
and switched to atosiban
and betamethasone.
[Seok-hyeong] What about a chest X-ray?
Any fluid in the lungs?
[Ha-jin] No, we checked,
and there are no signs of pulmonary edema.
But even so,
the patient is still very worried.
And you'd like for me
to have a look at her, right?
[Ha-jin] Yes.
All right, then.
-Min-ha.
-Huh?
Ask away.
How did you even know I have a question?
Oh, are you some kind of mind reader?
[doctors chuckle softly]
No. Of course, I'm not. I just saw
what you were writing down.
[exclaims]
TO ASK OR NOT TO ASK,
THAT IS THE QUESTION
[Seok-hyeong] Trying to be Hamlet?
Go ahead.
Okay, can patient Kim Ye-ji
be discharged at this point?
That's what I was wondering.
Uh, she's not nitrazine positive,
am I correct?
Right. No, she's not.
And no pooling is detected.
That's a relief.
Okay, I'll let her know
while I'm doing the rounds.
-Let's go. She's probably waiting.
-[Min-ha] Okay.
[groans]
Your liver somatic index looks good. Yeah.
Plus, the immunosuppressant levels
are looking very good too.
And your kidneys are working fine too.
So, good news. Everything looks good.
[laughter]
Are there any other concerns you may have?
Oh, it's nothing serious, really.
I can't seem to digest any food
as well as I did.
My stomach gets upset all the time.
Well, as I've explained before,
the gallbladder is removed
during a liver transplant,
which can temporarily cause
a bit of digestive problems, sorry.
I say, just try to stay away
from any greasy food.
Also, exercise regularly.
Yes, I took your advice,
and I have been exercising regularly.
Don't you even worry, doctor. I'll always
make sure she never becomes lax.
Now that she's finally healthy,
I promise you, you will never have to
worry about her diet and workouts now
I like that, all right. Keep up
the good work, you two. Okay?
So that's about it.
I'll see you both in a month.
-Okay.
-Oh.
-You two live in Jinhae, don't you?
-Yes.
It must be tiring
to come all the way here.
Tell me, what time did you have to leave?
-Actually, we got here last night.
-Oh, no.
We got here in the wee hours.
There was so much time, we just
slept on the bench in the lobby.
In the past, we used to just get
a motel room and spend the night there,
but it's hard to get a room these days.
Not to mention, we'd have to check out
early in the morning anyway,
so we didn't want to waste any money.
Huh. It's important
that you get enough sleep as it is.
Don't you also have
an appointment with our neurologist,
because you were treated
for a cerebral infarction?
Wow. That's right!
Doctor, you're so smart.
You're like a mind reader, you know that?
What?
[laughs]
You're not the first one
to call me that, you know.
I'm not, relax.
[chuckles]
So what date is that appointment set for?
You'll have to come back for it.
Can you pull up
their appointment details, please?
Oh, just a moment, please.
Twenty fifth. It's on the 25th of March.
It's on March 25,
with Professor Yoon Mi-hye, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Oh. Hold on a second. Does that mean that…
I do have an appointment
with Professor Lee in a month,
that means I have to come back
about a week immediately after that?
Sure, we'll come back. It's always nice
to spend some more time in Seoul.
What in the world are you talking about?
This is very exhausting for me.
I'll work around your schedule, yeah.
I can just see you when you're here for
your neurologist appointment in a month.
I usually take outpatient appointments
for Wednesdays.
Uh, are you sure about that?
Is that really okay?
Yeah. You're recovering quickly, anyway.
All the numbers look good,
so we can push it back by a week.
I'll prescribe you enough medicine.
You live too far away,
so this is no problem at all.
-Oh, thank you so much, Doctor.
-That's awfully generous.
No, it's not a problem at all.
Have a safe trip home.
-Thanks. I'll see you in about a month.
-Yes.
-[woman] About a month.
-[man] Let's go.
Come on. Thank you.
-Okay, take it easy.
-[cellphone ringing]
Kim Jun-wan speaking.
Just finished my surgery.
I'll come right over.
-Okay.
-[phone chimes]
[footsteps thumping]
You can all come in now.
Let's check if everyone's here,
so we can go in as one group.
Is Kang Dong-hyeon's guardian here?
-Here.
-Great.
Is Choi Han-na's guardian here?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Is Lee Won-u's guardian here?
-Yes.
Great. Uh, Bae Min-jin's guardian?
-Here.
-Okay. Lee Hye-ri's guardian?
So I should edit out the results
concerning other variables, correct?
Mm-hm, you included the results
that aren't statistically significant,
and most people, including myself
-find it distracting.
-Okay.
Hmm. And lastly…
[gulps]
If you look over here,
you wrote in the conclusion that the
volume threshold for meningioma is 14cc.
So I think that the discussion should be
completely focused on the mechanism
of how growing meningiomas
cause cerebral edema.
I've already written down
some key points for you.
But why don't you rewrite this part?
You can just send it to me
after you do it again,
and then I'll email you my response
after I check, for your reference.
Okay, I'll do just that.
Thank you so much.
I'll get on it
and send it over right away.
Sounds good.
[slurps]
Mmm. This is good.
Actually, you made the coffee.
[sighs]
-I was talking to myself.
-[Seon-bin chuckles]
[both slurp]
I know it is, that you really like
studying, don't you? You enjoy it.
Me?
Well, of course, I don't.
Who on Earth thinks that studying is fun?
Professor, stop.
Fine.
I do enjoy it.
Isn't it fun to learn new things?
I chose to study the brain
because the more you learn…
-It's hard.
-[Song-hwa] …it's fun.
What are you saying? Don't you know
how interesting the human brain is?
There are still a multitude of things
we don't know about the brain.
Although I do enjoy treating patients,
I wish I could read and study all my life.
Mm.
[sighs]
You think I'm weird, right?
[chuckles]
[comical music sting]
EQUIPMENT STORAGE ROOM
I modified the ventilator setting.
Run an ABG analysis again in 30 minutes.
Got it.
Hello, sir.
You just said hello earlier.
What are you doing it again for?
I'm really sorry.
-Jang Hong-do.
-Sir?
Where should the heart-lung machine
be connected during heart surgery?
The aorta and…
Well…
the aorta and…
And…
The aorta and…
You need to study harder
so you can answer these questions
right away when asked.
And if you try,
I may ask you the same question,
or I may not ever ask it again.
Take it easy.
[sentimental music]
-[monitor beeping]
-[air hissing]
ICU, STAFF ONLY
[cell phone ringing]
-Is Ru-bin out?
-[Jae-hak] Yes, we're in the PICU now.
I'm on the way.
[phone chimes]
The surgery went well.
As we had expected
based on the test results,
we discovered a big hole
between the two ventricles.
We were able to fix it
by making use of the pericardium,
which is a thin sac
that surrounds the heart.
We also found a small hole
between the two atria,
and we also fixed that.
Uh, the surgery went smoothly
without any issues, whatsoever,
so as far as I'm concerned,
I don't think we need to be worried
about the recovery.
Don't worry about anything.
We'll keep monitoring Ru-bin carefully.
-Thank you, Doctor Kim.
-Thank you.
Thank goodness, Ru-bin got through it.
Of course.
Oh, Min-chan's parents are here, right?
So, where are they now?
They're both outside.
Should I tell them to come in?
No, don't. I'll go and talk to them.
-Hey, what are you doing?
-I'm following you around.
-And why?
-Because you're off to deliver good news.
I need a cheerer-upper.
When will you ever cheer me up then?
I can't help it.
You always cheer me up somehow.
[chuckles]
I already feel so much better.
Oh, this guy. You always have
something to say, don't you?
[both chuckle]
[Jun-wan] The ultrasound looks good,
and the heartbeat is solid, so far.
Min-chan is working hard.
His body is getting used to the new heart.
Tomorrow, we should be able
to move him to a regular ward.
[sobs]
I can't believe this day is finally here.
[sobbing]
There's still some pointers,
a few things you need to keep in mind.
-I'll go over them with you later.
-Mm.
It's around lunchtime now.
You should have something to eat.
Yeah, you should also go ahead
and enjoy your lunch.
If only we could,
we would treat you to dinner
at the most expensive restaurant…
[sobs]
…but I guess we're not allowed
to do that, right?
That's right, 'cause I'll get fired.
[both laugh]
But I do thank you for the offer, though.
It's the thought that counts. Thank you.
-You'll have lunch with me, though, right?
-Ugh. Whatever.
-[chuckles]
-Just leave me alone, will you?
[Jae-hak] What?
-[gentle music]
-[beeping]
Oh, that's right. You know
Yoo Gyeong-jin, the violinist?
Did you hear how much she paid us?
I couldn't believe it.
I don't care about that.
Mind your own business.
Hey.
[Jae-hak] Oh, good afternoon!
[giggles]
Hey, good afternoon.
-[chuckles]
-Here for lunch, right? 'Cause it's on me.
Really? I have company, though.
I'll pay for them too. How many?
[doctors] Good afternoon.
[chuckles]
[comical music sting]
Thanks a bunch. Lunch is on Jun-wan.
-[Seong-yeon] Nice.
-[Seon-bin] Thank you so much.
[woman] Thank you very much.
Wow, the best lunch menu I've ever seen.
This is why I can't eat anywhere else.
What do you think that is,
the Olympic torch? Put it down.
But it just… It just looks too perfect.
Mm! It is real, all right. Hm.
Professor, can I maybe get
some more of this?
Sure, go for it. Eat as much as you want.
[chuckles softly]
Aren't you hungry?
-No.
-Wow.
What's wrong?
I've never seen you eat so little.
You always used to devour your food.
I can't really eat anything.
I feel like I'm chewing sand.
Oh, no. Then you should give me
your drumstick.
Why is that? I'm eating this one.
You just said
you can't really eat anything,
because it's like chewing sand.
I meant just the rice, not the chicken.
Besides, I was saving it for last.
-Mind your own business.
-Again with that?
[sighs]
-Ik-sun really loves drumsticks as well.
-"Ik-sun"?
-Ik-jun.
-"Ik-sun."
-No. You said "Ik-sun."
Ik-jun, Ik-jun! I said Ik-jun! Damn it!
Let's just eat.
Okay.
-[crunches]
-[gentle music]
Come to think of it.
There's actually a chance
that somewhere out there,
there is an Ik-sun.
Probably.
Maybe on the other side of the planet.
[Jae-hak chuckles]
[munching]
Hey, what is it, Song-hwa?
[Song-hwa] Hey, they're serving
drumsticks today. Hurry up!
Are you serious? Oh, damn it!
What a bummer.
If only I didn't have
a lunch meeting today.
[Song-hwa] What's it for?
Do you have a conference?
It's a very important tteokbokki meeting,
which was already scheduled last week.
They're all waiting for me.
[chuckles]
I thought you had a conference.
All right, then.
I'll stop by your office later
for some coffee.
Are you staying late today?
Uh-huh. You should go now.
Enjoy your meal.
Hmm, you too.
All right, let's dig in.
[Min-chan's dad chuckles]
This looks delicious.
You gotta try these potatoes too, huh?
[exclaims]
[Min-chan's dad] Here's a spoon.
-[cutlery clinks]
-[Min-chan's dad sighs, grunts]
-This one's for me. Here we go.
-[thudding]
[cutlery clinking]
Honey, it'll get cold soon. Hm?
-[exclaims]
-[Min-chan's dad chuckles]
[sad music]
[sighs]
MEDICAL OFFICE 4,
OBSTETRICS/GYNECOLOGY
[grunts]
-[door closes]
-Nice!
-[Min-ha grunts]
-[gasps]
Don't tell me you actually got one
for each for us.
-[exclaims]
-'Cause we don't do that here.
-Whoa! What is this?
-[plastic rustles]
Good afternoon.
Is the tteokbokki here now?
Hey, Gyeo-ul, don't tell me
Chuchu always orders this much?
-What's wrong?
-Look at all this.
Min-ha ordered three full servings!
I can finish one by myself.
Ah.
This is half and half.
The original flavor.
That one looks pretty spicy.
Exactly. I love spicy food.
I'm just saying.
Jeong-won can't handle spicy food…
[comical music sting]
Ah… She knows.
It's fine. Dr. Chu knows.
I already told her.
She's the only one at Yulje
who knows about it.
I congratulated her when I found out.
She actually beat God.
That's right! Gyeo-ul beat God.
Can you believe that?
[chuckles]
[grunts]
-So, what did you get us?
-The mild-flavored one.
And by the way, didn't you say
you invited one more person to join us?
-[cracks]
-Yes, I did.
And I got it right this time.
Don't even worry about it.
[inhales]
Now where is this prick?
Hey! You can't come just barging in here!
-[comical music sting]
-[gasps]
-Hello, Professor.
-[sighs]
Hello.
-[door closes]
-[chuckles]
[Seok-hyeong] I thought
this was the GS Medical Office.
-What are you guys doing here?
-We're eating tteokbokki, obviously.
Here, you can have some tteokbokki too.
Try the steamed eggs as well.
The steamed eggs are mine.
I'm eating all of it.
Oh, well, okay.
No, it's all good.
That jerk can shove it all up his face.
[chuckles]
-Is this one spicy?
-It's the mild flavor.
-Hold on. You can't eat spicy food?
-I can. I like spicy food.
[comical music sting]
-This one's actually good.
-[exclaims]
Come on, dig in.
[sighs]
-Hmm. Here.
-Mm. Wow. Thank you so much.
[Min-ha] You should have
some too, though. Here.
-[Seok-hyeong] Mm. Sure.
-[Min-ha] There you go.
And have some rice balls too,
while you're at it.
-Get some too. You need to eat up.
-Okay.
[quirky music]
[sighs]
[softly]
Right about now.
-Gyeo-ul.
-Yeah?
Three.
Two.
One.
[chuckles]
-Good afternoon.
-Oh, good. You made it.
How are you guys? Hey.
Andrea, what took you so long?
You're doing
all the pediatric surgeries here?
Yes, I am, actually.
I know that. Of course, you do.
It was a rhetorical. It wasn't a question.
[gasps]
Whoa. This is pretty spicy.
It's probably too spicy for you.
[both chuckle softly]
Wow, seriously.
Uh, I guess, that's how
it's gonna be, huh?
This is how you're gonna be treating
your cupid angel? That's cruel.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[chuckles]
That's really good.
Hey, where are you?
I'm fine with anything.
Okay, I'll see you there.
-[phone chimes]
-Guess I'll starve. See you all later.
Mm. Professor Lee.
Was that Song-hwa? Do you wanna take
this unopened box of rice balls with you?
It's okay. I had enough food.
Enjoy your lunch. See ya.
-[Jae-hak] Professor.
-Hm.
You know Professor Cheon
has a conference next week?
-Are you taking his patients?
-Yes, just three.
Including Lee Gyeong-mi?
Mm-hm.
[inhales]
I'm not even sure "taking in"
is the right term for what we're doing,
because there really isn't much
we can do for her.
[clicks tongue]
You're right about that.
[So-yeon] Professor Cheon has
a conference scheduled for next week,
so Professor Kim Jun-wan will fill in
and look after you.
[So-yeon] Professor Kim Jun-wan is great.
No need to worry about anything.
He can be a little blunt,
but he cares a lot about his patients.
And he checks his patients often.
-[monitor beeping]
-[air hissing]
Oh, you already knew that, right?
[So-yeon chuckles]
Are you feeling lonely?
Oh, dear.
I promise you, we'll check on you often.
[soft music]
[chuckles]
[door slides close]
[Song-hwa] Still, though,
she always sends way too much.
-Like, tons. I can never finish any of it.
-[laughs]
And it's not like
I want to throw any of it out.
I told her to only send a little,
but she gets a huge box.
It's so heavy
I can't even carry it on my own.
And now, she sends
these stuff to Sokcho too.
[sighs]
That woman is sending me
way too much food.
Oh. My mom's the same way.
When I moved to Seoul over 20 years ago,
we ended up fighting about it
in the beginning.
"Mom, I'm begging you, please. Not again."
"Please stop sending me all these food.
You're killing me!"
-[laughs]
-But it didn't work.
Because she never listens.
I'm not kidding. She sends me, like,
50 million perilla leaves
whenever she's feeling energetic.
[gasps, sighs]
What did she send you this time?
Pickled vegetables.
Sounds delicious.
Garlic, chili, and water celery.
One container each.
Oh, God, it's gonna take me
forever to finish it.
I might have to go back to Sokcho tonight.
-To eat my pickled vegetables.
-[laughs]
Give me some.
Great idea. Why don't you take some?
No way, I'll finish it on my own.
Yeah, if you think about it,
your mom probably sent you extra
so that you can share them with friends.
So, just give them to me, Jun-wan
and Jeong-won too.
And Jeong-won's a good cook,
so he'll appreciate it.
Yeah, I should do that.
Mm-hm.
On one condition, though.
Take my perilla leaves.
[comical music sting]
I still have about 20 million of them.
You can take 10 percent.
Okay, I like perilla leaves.
-Deal!
-Deal.
[quirky music]
Ah.
That looks nice.
What do you think? It's a table lamp?
Nice, right?
#MY HUBBY'S THE BEST
#THANK YOU, JAE-HAK
Yeah, it's nice.
What are you looking
at a stranger's post for?
-That's my wife, actually.
-[comical music sting]
My wife posted this just now.
She saw this lamp today and bought it.
Why didn't you tell me
it was your wife in the first place?
Well, just take a look at these hashtags.
"My hubby's just the best."
"Thank you, Jae-hak." See?
It's right there.
Your cup is empty.
What are you even drinking right now?
Everyone goes on social media to look
at other people's photos these days.
I know you're on social media too,
but your account is on private.
-That's right. I have an account.
-Oh.
[Jun-wan] I'm on social media too.
That's nice. But what's the point
of even being on it
if you're not even gonna post
anything at all?
There's not a single post. Nothing at all.
I rarely go online.
My girlfriend created the account for me
before she left for the UK.
I only use it
to look at my girlfriend's posts.
Don't just use it for looking.
You should post some photos too.
That way, your girlfriend
can also see you, huh?
Whatever it is you're up to,
or how your day's been going so far.
We talk every day.
Talking isn't the same thing.
It's much different from sharing
your day-to-day life with her.
My day-to-day?
[sighs]
I don't have a life.
I work and go home, on repeat.
Well, then it'd be nice
to share that either way.
It's easy.
You just post some photos online,
and she'll see them immediately.
Oh, do you want me
to teach you how to do it?
Oh, please. What's there to teach, anyway?
I just shoot and then post.
Professor, give me your phone for a sec.
Why?
Let's see here.
-Don't move.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Hey.
-Nice!
Wow, what the…
That's a really great photo.
I bet you could even use this
as your passport photo.
[chuckles]
Delete it.
-What would the caption be for this one?
-"Kim Jun-wan"?
[chuckles]
Everyone already knows what your name is?
Then…
"The Professor of Cardiothoracic Surgery"?
Why would you write your position?
Why not, hm…
"This is for my girlfriend."
Forget it. My girlfriend's gonna freak out
if she reads that nonsense.
Now, what about the hashtags?
[Jae-hak] Hmm.
-[keypad clacking]
-What's that for?
Well, you do want
many people to see it, right?
The hashtag can do that.
You post it with different hashtags,
and your photo can be discovered
by more people.
I don't want other people to see it.
Only my girlfriend should see it.
Then I just won't use any hashtags.
Hmm, then don't use any.
I just want her to see it.
It's done.
Just let me know anytime if you want
to learn more about social media.
That's gonna happen.
Just in case,
if you ever you feel like
you wanna learn some more,
just come up to me and say this.
"Hey, Jae-hak, do you have a minute?"
You've got some imagination.
I'm gonna go rest.
SSSOONIE
FIRST SELFIE IN A LONG TIME
#THE BEST LATTE EVER
I OWE IT ALL TO YOU GUYS
#SE-GYEONG #DA-SOM
#PERFECT IELTS SCORE
SET UP A BLIND DATE FOR SE-GYEONG
AND GOT THIS AS A GIFT
#THANKS SE-GYEONG
[somber music]
[siren wailing]
Hello, everyone.
Did you all have a good weekend?
Doctor, something's wrong with Eun-ji.
She suddenly woke up
unable to move her left arm.
What?
[tense music]
You've been doing a lot of surgeries.
[Jun-wan] Yeah, I'm all booked up
for this week. You're pretty early.
Yeah, I went to have some coffee
before I go in.
Professor Kim, sorry, a call for you.
It's Dr. Do Jae-hak.
[metal clanking]
What's up?
[Jae-hak] We have a bit
of an emergency happening.
-What is it?
-Eun-ji's left-side motor control is poor.
I'd say her arm is Grade 2,
while her leg is about Grade 3.
-What's her PT at?
-Her INR is 2.8.
We can't do an MRI because of the VAD.
Do a CT scan.
Call Neurology
and ask them to take a look.
Make sure to talk to Eun-ji's mother
and to keep me updated
while I'm doing surgery.
I'll be there after.
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-Mm.
Are you the one who personally handles
all the VIP surgeries?
Can't the other professors
at least take care of some?
You can't commute from Sokcho
every single time.
It's not for every surgery.
It's only once every two weeks.
Thanks for the coffee.
-Are you bribing me?
-No, it's not a bribe. It's a gift.
You make me feel so reassured.
It's like I'm always getting a boost
-whenever you're in Seoul.
-[chuckles softly]
How's Seok-min?
Wait. Haven't you guys made up yet?
No.
Was it a big fight?
I told him I chose neurosurgery
so I could study the brain
and that I don't understand
how he could give up so easily.
And Seok-min said, "This is why people say
those who have had it easy in life,
always end up becoming inconsiderate."
[sighs]
So it was a big fight.
[Seon-bin] Yes.
Why don't you call him first?
I did, but we always end up arguing.
I haven't seen him for two weeks.
I'm afraid we're gonna break-up
at this rate.
[sighs]
Just you wait.
Something will come along.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
It's like my ex-boyfriend and I.
We fought too.
And every time we fought,
I wanted to patch things up immediately,
so I took time out of my busy schedule
to call and see him,
and have long discussions.
[laughs]
[sighs]
It was definitely exhausting.
However, there's something that I learned.
It came naturally with age.
As long as you both are willing
to make it work,
and aren't unreasonably way too far apart,
just wait and see.
Something always comes along.
A whole lot of things can happen
in a day, you know.
Bad things, good thing,
whether you want them or not, basically.
And sometimes,
you have to call and meet up
because something crucial happens.
Mm.
He's probably just
very busy at the moment,
learning new things
and meeting people at his new job.
And you're busy as well.
[laughs softly]
The best thing is to just keep
as busy as possible.
Try to focus on your life,
and naturally,
like clockwork, something comes along,
and you're gonna have to call
and see each other, eventually.
Again, you're right.
Who knows, maybe I'll get in trouble
and end up suddenly calling him.
It could easily be
just the other way around too.
To conclude, in relationships,
just let nature take its course.
Let's get some work done.
I think I'll be late for my surgery.
I'm sorry, Professor Chae.
And thank you.
[chuckles]
CREDIT UNION
Well, looks like
we have all the paperwork.
Most likely, the loan will be issued
to you as early as this week.
[chuckles]
Great.
-Thank you.
-Doctor Ahn.
We would like to give you a small gift
when you find the house that you like.
The branch manager here
wants to help in any way.
It's our pleasure
because it's for a good cause.
Oh, really?
A gift, on top of taking
my loan application so quickly?
-I'm not gonna decline.
-[both chuckle]
By the way, don't you give that doll
to all of your loan clients?
I even have two savings accounts with you.
[laughs]
Oh, sure. I'll give you one.
Are you going to give this doll
to your kid?
I actually thought you were single.
Ah, I'm not married yet.
Just give me one. I only need one.
I'll give you two, doctor.
Maybe, you can give one to your girlfriend
if you want.
[chuckles]
Thank you very much.
[quirky music]
[smooches]
How do you do?
[chuckles]
[footsteps approaching]
-Hello, Professor.
-[Ji-hun] Hi.
Cute dolls. What are they for?
Aww! They're so adorable! I just wanna…
[Ji-hun] Oh, look at those little ones.
God, they're delightful.
My kid would love that thing so much.
I see, you've got two, hmm?
It's just that my kid's birthday
is coming up soon.
-My kid absolutely loves dolls like that.
-[sighs]
I'm just saying, you know. It's soon, so…
-Maybe you can…
-Yeah?
I'm coming over now. Uh.
Emergency. I gotta go.
[Ji-hun] Oh.
[quirky music]
Hey, I'm coming over now.
Thankfully, there was no hemorrhage.
I showed it to the radiologist,
and there was none detected.
There's no hemorrhage, but we're not sure
whether or not an embolism has occurred.
And Eun-ji has almost fully regained
her motor function.
[sighs]
And thank goodness for that, seriously.
How much warfarin did she get?
[Jae-hak] 1ml yesterday.
Give her 1.5ml today,
but it'll take a while,
so give her enoxaparin.
Eun-ji's mother is very worried
about her condition.
Although, I did explain to her
that Eun-ji should be in the clear
for now at least.
I think you should talk to her and explain
so she'll understand.
It'll at least help her calm down.
Yeah, I was gonna talk to her anyway.
I'm here now. Thanks.
-[phone chimes]
-[pants]
[Jun-wan] Blood clots can occur here
and there even if we use blood thinners.
This condition is called a microembolism.
I think a tiny blood clot had traveled
to the brain through the bloodstream
and caused some blockage.
But thankfully, though,
the blockage has been cleared.
Then what if we try and give her
more blood thinners?
I'd explained this before,
and we've also experienced it.
Taking too much blood thinners
can lead to further bleeding.
And if it happens inside her brain,
it'll be a serious complication.
[sighs deeply]
We kept checking Eun-ji's blood work.
Based on this, we were careful
with the application of blood thinners,
but this still happened,
which means it can happen again.
[whimpers]
In a way, it's kind of like having
a time bomb in your chest.
It feels as if time's running out.
She should get the surgery
as soon as we find a donor.
[scoffs]
[inhales]
Doctor Kim.
[sobs]
Every day feels like torture.
[sighs]
My daughter, Eun-ji…
[sobs]
I'm…
beyond exhausted,
and I find myself struggling
just to get through the day.
I wake up in the morning,
and I anxiously wonder what's next.
My heart races like crazy.
[sobbing]
I really can't live like this.
[crying]
I wonder if we maybe
it would be better if we just give up
and leave it to fate.
[crying continues]
[emotional music]
Honey.
You've been doing so well.
You've been staying strong and…
Don't be like this.
[sobbing]
[hand rubbing]
I'm sorry, Doctor Kim. I apologize.
It's okay.
[Eun-ji's mom sighs]
Ma'am, please.
You have been doing so well.
[Jun-wan] Eun-ji is
staying strong like you.
As long as you don't give up on her,
none of us
will be giving up on her either.
[sobbing]
We will find a heart donor for Eun-ji…
and she will get a transplant.
Keep your head up,
and do not give up, okay?
[crying loudly]
Okay, Dr. Kim.
Thank you for everything.
PEDIATRICS INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
ISOLATION UNIT
[sentimental music]
[sobbing]
[sentimental music continues]
[Song-hwa] Well…
so this means
we'll sign the lease next week…
-[Jeong-won] Mm-hm.
-…and then, if I'm following this right,
the hospital will take care
of the monthly maintenance costs.
[Jeong-won] Mm-hm.
Can we sign the lease next week for sure?
Yeah, the loan was approved today.
We'll get the money as early as this week.
Well, then, let's list the things we need.
[knocking on door]
-Did you guys have dinner?
-[Song-hwa] Yeah, already did.
Good, 'cause so have I.
[sighs]
A fridge, a TV, a sofa, washing machine…
We won't need any beds, right?
A bed? Wouldn't it be good
to get at least one?
But just single beds, right?
Are you guys moving in together?
Yeah, it's true. Ain't that right, roomie?
[Song-hwa chuckles]
[laughs]
What's going on?
-Tell me. What are you two up to?
-[chuckles]
[chuckles]
He's setting up
a patient guardian shelter,
for patients who live too far away,
like those who need
anticancer therapy or hemodialysis.
He's buying a house,
and it's really close to the hospital.
-It's a long-term lease.
-Oh, that's right, that's right.
We'll be starting out with a lease first.
Whoa! So, that's Daddy-Long-Legs
and The Shelter with just the revenue
from the VIP Ward?
It's gonna cost quite a bit
to manage all of that.
And that is why I cut a deal
with Director Ju.
I asked him for his support
on my personal project,
and in return
for kickstarting this endeavor,
I promised that I would stay here.
He doesn't really know anything
about Daddy-Long-Legs,
and so I asked him to help me
turn my dream into a reality.
Starting with this guardian shelter?
Mm-hm.
[clicks tongue, inhales]
Just from simple observation,
I figured this is something patients need
that I can deliver.
For the other stuff,
we'd have to go through
some major changes in our policies.
It'll take a while to tackle those.
[inhales]
That's why I thought to start
with the guardian shelter.
And your ultimate dream is?
[inhales]
Mm…
A children's hospital.
What?
My ultimate dream is to build a hospital.
One day I want to build
a children's hospital
that offers comprehensive
and inclusive pediatric care.
Wouldn't that cost a fortune?
It'll cost about 400 billion won.
[gasps]
Whoa!
WOW
[laughs]
You… This whole time
you were just writing that joke?
What did you write?
WOW
[laughs]
You actually like his lame jokes?
It's funny! I'm sorry.
Ahn Jeong-won, you really are something.
Let's try that one more time!
Wow!
Together now.
-Wow.
-[laughs]
-Oh, your phone.
-[phone ringing]
-Oh, it's Gyeo-ul.
Hey, Gyeo-ul.
[Gyeo-ul] Choi Han-na's lab results
came out looking good,
so we were going to move her
to the regular ward by tomorrow.
But she's not eating
and has been having trouble
with her bowel movements.
-Can we do an enema for her?
-Okay, wait for me. I'm coming.
You did a chest PA, right?
Take an abdominal X-ray. All right.
[phone chimes]
Got to jet. Have a fun meeting.
Tell me when you sign the lease.
I'll get you a housewarming gift.
Like, what do you want? A coffee machine?
No, the manager of the bank
is already getting one for us.
Oh, really?
[clicks tongue]
Let me think about it.
All right, wait. One more time. Wow.
-[Jeong-won] Get going already!
-[laughs]
OKAY
-[laughter]
-[door opens]
-[door closes]
-So, what else do we need? A microwave?
-Yeah, it would be good to have one.
-[exclaims]
[Ik-jun] She's actually still very alert,
so she's been holding it in intentionally
because she's not used to
anyone helping her relieve herself.
Oh.
Don't just monitor the physical condition.
Try to observe how the patient
might be feeling too, okay?
Got it. I'll do better. Sorry, Professor.
-Don't be sorry. Keep it up.
-[exclaims]
[Gyeo-ul sighs]
[door slides open]
Hey, wanna have coffee?
Have you eaten yet?
I'm not sure.
[Ik-jun scoffs]
This guy!
Hey, you've been practically living
in the OR, the ICU, and the PICU.
Maybe cut down on surgery
or take in less patients.
You should go and talk to your chief.
I am the chief.
[owl hooting]
I'm always performing surgery,
so I'm used to it.
It's just a bunch of things
are stressing me out these days.
I have a lot on my mind.
Today's surgery a tough one?
It wasn't. It went very well.
But the patient's heartbeat
was very unstable.
This was after the surgery, so…
we had to use the ECMO.
[clicks tongue]
The patient's gonna recover.
Eun-ji, however--
Eun-ji. You told me about her a bit.
The kid has been hooked up to a VAD
for the longest time.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
[inhales]
Been on VAD for almost five months,
waiting for the heart transplant,
but still no donor yet.
We were careful with the meds,
but she's experienced blood clots
and even bleeding.
[clicks tongue]
We keep running into
all sorts of problems.
-[sighs]
-[spoon clinks]
[sighs deeply]
She needs a transplant
as soon as possible.
You'll find a donor.
-[slurps]
-What else? Huh?
[gulps]
Today is my father's birthday.
[gasps]
-Right!
-I just remembered.
-Call him right now then.
-I already did.
He was asleep, though, so…
Oh, boy.
I didn't even get to wish him
a happy birthday.
You should go home now and get some rest.
You're little out of it,
and you're sleep-deprived.
But I'm on duty tonight.
-Me too.
-At least I won't be lonely.
[sighs]
That's right.
I'll stop by later.
Hey, don't worry about it.
I'm totally fine.
I'm not worried.
I just wanna eat the snacks you have.
I noticed that you had a lot of new ones.
[humorous music sting]
Let's go.
Ooh. It's so cold in here.
All right, let's go.
I'm feeling cold physically and mentally.
Jesus.
[monitor beeping]
Close it up and take care of the rest.
Make sure to check for bleeding
even in the ICU.
-[Jeong-ung] Understood.
-Keep it up.
-[Jeong-ung] Thank you, Professor.
-[Seon-bin] Thank you, Doctor.
Cut up the Gelfoam for this size
and pass it over.
Yes, Doctor.
[Jun-wan] So you've been having headaches
lately and a fever too?
You need to see a doctor.
[Ik-sun] I did that last week.
I also got a blood test
and a chest X-ray while I was there.
I bet it's that accident.
-I took some meds. I'm okay now.
-[inhales]
Are the test results out yet?
No, of course not.
This isn't Korea, you know.
They won't get the results back
until around next week maybe.
Oh.
You know, you sound a little down today.
Did something happen? Is it your patient?
No, I'm fine.
And the patients are doing fine too.
I'm on duty,
just reading my book in my office.
By the way, you remember that test I took?
-Hmm.
-I got the highest score.
Oh, really? Wow, congratulations,
seriously. Wow, I thought
you said before you bombed the test.
Well, I lied. It's a family habit.
Well, geez. Congratulations.
The highest in your class
or is it the entire school?
Oh, that is seriously impressive. Wow!
[chuckles]
Well done, seriously.
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure.
It's okay. It's okay.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Oh. Hello. How are you going?
I already heard so much about you. Yeah.
No, that's right. Right, right, right.
[Jun-wan] Of course, I know. Yeah.
[Jun-wan laughs]
I see. Yeah.
No, I'm not busy at the moment.
It's okay, really.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
Ah.
[monitor beeping]
[ominous music]
[slurping]
Hello, Doctor, I need to talk to you
about something.
Oh, what is it?
We performed a nav-guided biopsy
on Won Jin-hwan earlier
because we suspected
a diffuse astrocytoma.
We just did a CT scan
and detected ICH around the biopsy site.
Professor Min told me
to discuss it with you first
before proceeding further.
Considering where the tumor is,
I'm concerned the biopsy needle
might have touched the distal branch
middle cerebral artery
and caused the problem.
Although, I'm not sure.
It looked like the needle
had gone in deeper than it should have.
At least, that's what it looked like
seeing it from the screen
in the operating room.
Why don't we do a TFCA so then
we can find out the exact location?
It's highly unlikely that
you guys poked it with the needle.
That's impossible.
I mean, what are the chances?
-I understand.
-A tumor biopsy isn't perfect.
There's a chance that
it could cause bleeding.
Just monitor the patient.
For now at least,
we'll have to wait a little bit
before another angiogram procedure, hmm?
Also, his right pupil is dilated
to about 0.4 now.
That's okay. It's fine.
-Oh, I see.
-[mouse clicks]
[sighs]
I'm off. I'll go rest in the on-call room.
-Take it easy.
-Right.
ICU
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
-[Jae-hak yawns]
-Hey, good timing.
Jae-hak, do you have a minute?
Let's do this.
[humorous music]
So you want to post a photo?
No, just a caption.
You can't do that.
It can't just be a caption.
Just post whatever photo you have
and write the caption here.
What about a hashtag?
You wanna use a hashtag?
Ooh. I like that attitude.
Here, you press on the pound sign,
and you list the related words.
Does that mean my photo's gonna come up
if people look up those words?
Yeah!
The more hashtags you use,
the more people
it's gonna be able to reach.
But first, you need to
make your profile public.
All right, let's give this a shot.
Mm-hm.
Hm.
[wind whooshing]
[monitor beeping]
Mr. Won, can you try lifting
your right arm, please?
And now, your left arm.
[sighs]
CLINICAL INSTRUCTOR'S OFFICE
Hey, you should have called me.
I did. Just now, actually.
Oh, really?
-Why? What's going on?
-It's about Won Jin-hwan.
I think it's possible
he might have some bleeding
in the MCA distal branch.
His motor function is lower
on the left side, at Grade 3.
Can't we do a CT scan now?
We already did one not too long ago.
How do you know
if the bleeding is caused by a tear
in the MCA distal branch
or if it's something else?
If it's an artery in the distal branch
that has been ruptured,
then that means
the bleeding will continue.
Then can we do a CT angiogram
along with the CT scan later on?
[clicks tongue]
He can obey commands, right?
Can he?
He has the ability
to raise both of his hands and blink?
Yes.
Then let's just wait and see.
Continue to monitor him carefully.
We'll do a CT angiogram
if he gets worse. Hmm?
We'll do it, then we'll see
how bad the bleeding is.
Then we'll call Professor Min, hmm?
Also, Dr. Heo…
we shouldn't be so quick
to open up the head.
[sighs]
It's probably the biopsy
that caused the minor bleeding.
It'll stop sometime soon.
Let's give him mannitol
and see how it goes from there.
Okay? Understand?
Yes, I understand.
-Hmm.
-[sighs]
-[exhales]
-[door closes]
[line ringing]
There she is!
How's my lovely sister doing?
Hey, you. How's everything? How's U-ju?
U-ju's doing great.
You don't look so well.
Oh, I'm just tired from all the studying.
You're still at work. Are you on duty too?
Yup, I sure am.
Wait, so who else is on duty?
Oh, just a friend.
I meant my roommate who also
has a night shift today, actually.
How's everyone, then?
How's Song-hwa doing?
Song-hwa is doing great.
What about Jeong-won and Seok-hyeong?
Are they doing well?
Everyone's well. And since when
did you care so much about my friends?
They're all doing great.
Just take care of yourself.
Is everything well with you?
Yes, I'm happy and healthy.
All right, how's Jun-wan?
Professor Kim is doing well too, right?
[clicks tongue]
No, not really.
He's getting overworked.
He's been doing too many surgeries.
I've never seen him
so stressed out before.
Did anything happen to him lately?
No, but it kind of seems like
a bunch of things are stressing him out
one after another.
And I think his girlfriend
is adding to that stress.
Looks like his girlfriend
is quite selfish.
Oh. You think it's his girlfriend. Why?
I don't really know much, but…
I think she's a very inconsiderate person.
She seems self-centered.
Jun-wan is under a lot of stress,
but he's so busy walking on eggshells
around her that he can't even vent.
It sounds like she's always busy
talking about herself.
Hey, I'm running late
for my study session.
All right. Watch out for those cars,
and you should stop skipping breakfast.
Call me right away
if you run out of money, yeah?
I understand.
You take care of yourself as well.
-Goodbye.
-Hmm. Take care.
[chimes]
[brooding music]
-You checked in on him five minutes ago.
-It's already been five minutes?
[thuds]
[monitor beeping]
-[tapping]
-Mr. Won Jin-hwan.
Mr. Won!
[tense music]
Hello, Doctor, Mr. Won's pupil
has dilated to 0.6 now.
Mental status, stupor.
And the left-side motor function is worse.
I'm calling Professor Min now.
[Jeong-ung] Hey, hang on. I'm on my way.
[grunts]
But we don't have time for this!
If something bad happens to the patient
under our watch,
are you gonna take responsibility?
I'm going to order a CT scan right away
and call Professor Min.
[phone chimes]
Please prepare the patient for intubation.
Okay.
Are we okay with the BP?
[anesthesiologist]
Yes, BP is at 140 over 80 right now.
We need to open him up now. So focus.
-[Jeong-ung] Yes.
-Yes, Doctor.
Have you been monitoring him carefully?
Yes, we checked in on him
every ten minutes.
As soon as we confirmed his mental status,
we checked the bleeding
with a CT scan and called you
upon confirming.
If anything bad happens to this patient,
it's all on you guys.
-Yes, doctor.
-[Jeong-ung] Yes.
-[monitor beeping]
-[air hissing]
-[door slides open]
-[So-yeon] Dr. Heo.
You should get some sleep.
That bed is available now.
Go and take a nap. I'll just wake you up.
It's okay. I can just doze off right here.
I'm pretty good at sleeping
while sitting down.
[chuckles softly]
It's not morning yet, is it?
The sun is about to rise, so almost.
That fellow, he must have given you
an earful just now, didn't he?
I haven't seen him
since the surgery concluded.
If he does, then I'll listen.
To be fair, I was rude to him.
Just let it go in one ear
and right out the other. Simple enough.
I'm well aware that we were able
to operate on the patient right away
only because you kept
monitoring his condition.
And the surgery went well.
Just so you know, I'm on your side.
[chuckles softly]
Thank you very much.
I'll take you out for a drink
when we can move Mr. Won
to a regular ward once he's stable.
-Oh, sure. I'd love that.
-[chuckles]
[door slides open]
[sighs]
[door slides close]
[soft piano music]
[Song-hwa] Yeah, I heard too.
I think everyone at the hospital
knows about it.
I'm sorry.
How's the patient doing?
I checked in on him again just now.
His pupil size has gone back to normal.
His left-side motor function is still low,
but compared to before,
he's better overall,
so I think he'll be
regaining consciousness soon.
When you were informing the fellow,
what was the patient's
neurological assessment like?
Was he exhibiting neurological symptoms?
He was still able to obey commands
when we moved him to the ICU.
But then, his right pupil
was slightly dilated,
and his left-side motor functions
were significantly reduced.
At least, compared to the right side's
even considering the anesthesia.
After that, within about an hour or so,
he was in a state of stupor,
and his pupils were dilated.
It's good that you questioned
the fellow's opinion.
However…
other than that, you're the one at fault.
It was still your fault.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have been so rude to him.
I'll politely apologize to the fellow
the first chance I get.
I didn't mean to argue with him, really.
I raised my voice
without even realizing it.
I'm really sorry.
You're wrong.
You should have fought him much earlier.
You should have pushed ahead
with your decision
if you strongly believed in it.
You've been closely
monitoring the patient.
That means you, of all people,
should know what's best.
You should have trusted your judgment
and fought harder.
If anything bad had happened to him,
it would have been on you.
His condition worsened
because you kept wasting time
hesitating and being indecisive.
You've been working so much,
studying and observing him,
so fight hard for it.
That's the only way…
you can save them.
[sentimental music]
[sighs]
[quietly sobbing]
The nurses will go over how to take care
of the wound to minimize the scarring.
Uh, I will see you again in about a month.
You keep it up.
Yes, I will. Thank you, Doctor.
[sighs]
-That my last appointment?
-Yes, well done. That's all of it.
Finally. Thank you.
-[objects rattle]
-[cell phone ringing]
Hmm, isn't it still early there?
Have you slept?
[Ik-sun] Are you okay to talk right now?
Yeah, that's okay.
I just finished my last appointment.
Only when you're in your office.
Go there, then call me.
I'll be waiting right here for your call.
Okay, I got it. I'll call you right back.
-[phone chimes]
-[inhales]
[line ringing]
[sighs]
I'm in my office now. So what's going on?
[Ik-sun] Hmm…
Ik-sun. Tell me what's happening.
It's okay. Hey.
[Ik-sun] The truth is,
I've fallen for someone else.
[somber music]
I'm sorry.
[gasping]
[gasps]
What do you mean?
I'm really sorry.
Is it Se-gyeong?
[somber music rises]
[sighs]
[cries]
I'm sorry, Jun-wan. I have to go.
[line chimes]
[somber music]
[Ik-jun] Where's Jun-wan?
He doesn't feel like eating.
What are you talking about?
Something up with him?
He's lost so much weight.
Could he have broken up
with his girlfriend?
Excuse me, and I'm sorry,
but I don't know everything about Jun-wan.
How about you guys?
You should know more than us
because you two live together.
Yeah, but still, I don't know everything
that's going on with him.
Jeong-won, maybe it's time
to go and get your own place.
I mean, Yulje does pays you, don't they?
Can't you pay for an apartment?
Of course, I can definitely
afford to do all that.
But, guys, I've told him multiple times
that I wanna move out.
-Only?
-Only…
[scoffs]
…everytime I try,
he makes the saddest face I've ever seen.
Jun-wan is the type
that gets lonely very easily.
Exactly.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I already told him I'd move out eventually
even when we were moving in two years ago.
Did his eyes well up with tears?
I had never in my life seen anyone
with such sad watery eyes.
[clicks tongue]
Unfortunately, he gets lonely so easily.
I mean, it's not as if
I'm actively mooching off him.
I'm not doing that.
He's just not letting me go.
Yeah, we know that. Jun-wan's someone
who can never live alone.
He's tough on the outside,
but completely fluffy soft on the inside.
-You mean, he's like a paper tiger?
-Bingo. Yeah.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
AHN JEONG-WON
[sighs deeply]
[ringing continues]
Hurry up now. The sun is setting soon.
-Are you a scarecrow?
-Is it that bad?
-It's supposed to be nice?
-No, it's to block out the UV rays.
-If you say so.
-Should I keep it on?
-It looks ugly.
-Oh, you little…
I'm wearing it to protect my face.
It doesn't have to look nice.
-And who cares?
-No one. It's for the sun's rays.
I'll keep it on.
[sighs]
I look like a scarecrow?
[laughs softly]
You don't.
You look pretty.
-[chuckles softly]
-[clears throat]
The prettiest scarecrow I've ever seen.
-Hey!
-[laughs]
Come on, we gotta hurry. Go.
The sun's gonna be setting soon.
Yes, we should hurry and get moving.
[exciting music]
[Jong-su] Mugworts are already out.
They're sprouting
all along the hiking trail.
[Rosa] Yes, they sprouted a while ago.
Do you want mugwort soup? Shall I make it?
-[Jong-su] Mugwort?
-Yes.
♪ Mugwort. The mugwort soup's good ♪
[both]
♪ The mugwort soup's good ♪
[both laugh]
[Rosa] ♪ Mugwort soup
Is sounding really good ♪
[Jong-su] Mugwort.
Okay, soup sounds great.
[exclaims]
You know, this is my favorite time of day.
Right when the sun is about to set.
It'd be even better if it was raining now.
Hey, so does U-ju like rainy days too?
[Ik-jun clicks tongue]
Nah.
I know there's only one thing
in the world that he likes.
-His daddy?
-No, his girlfriend.
[laughs]
He's head over heels for his girlfriend.
They're so in love. I'm jealous.
No way. U-ju has a girlfriend?
Yeah, for a while now. Her name is Mo-ne.
"Mo-ne"? Ooh. That's a pretty name.
And she's actually
Hong-do and Yun-bok's cousin.
Yun-bok and Hong-do at Yulje?
Yeah, that's right.
Our Hong-do and Yun-bok.
-What, you didn't know? Uh-huh.
-I had no idea.
-What a nice coincidence.
-[chuckles]
Hey, by the way, don't Hong-do and Yun-bok
remind you of us in the old days?
[both laugh]
I think I was a little smarter
than Hong-do is right now.
Okay, I'll give you that.
Maybe you're right.
But back then, you were such a loser.
Whoa, what are you talking about?
What?
[laughs]
Come on. For your information,
I was a fashionista.
-The most stylish guy in Changwon.
-Uh-huh, uh-huh. Yeah.
[in Korean]
♪ You're probably better now than before ♪
-What is that song?
-[Song-hwa] ♪ You have fulfilled ♪
[in Korean]
♪ This void in my heart ♪
♪ I used to feel so lonely
In this beautiful world ♪
No way. Is this "Couple"?
[Song-hwa in Korean] ♪ And wander around
Looking for my other half ♪
♪ Oh, love ♪
♪ What took you so long to find me ♪
♪ Drowning in my loneliness? ♪
♪ Oh, love. Oh, love ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Now, you can spend
Every moment with me ♪
-[applauds]
-Finally. Well done.
♪ All right, all right ♪
♪ When I saw you one time
I lost my heart to you ♪
♪ Oops, baby I'll be loving you
Forever with you now ♪
♪ Baby, don't go too far
I won't let you go ♪
♪ Please don't go
I want to hold you tight ♪
♪ And I need your love, yeah ♪
[clears throat]
-Are you done?
-Mm-hm.
-Like for real?
-Then shall we?
-Let's go.
All right. Well done.
[gentle music]
[Song-hwa sighs]
This is nice.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[sighs]
[ringing stops]
Good evening. What is it?
[I-hyun] Professor Kim,
we have a donor now!
-We've found a suitable donor for Eun-ji.
-What?
KONOS called now,
asking if we need the heart.
But Jae-an Medical Center
had priority over us.
Jae-an Medical Center doesn't need it.
They had to decline
because the patient has an infection,
-so it goes to us.
-How much does the donor weigh?
Well… according to this,
he's a 11-year-old boy.
And he weighs 40 kilograms.
Should we accept the heart?
Yes, we will. We'll get it no matter what.
This could be Eun-ji's only chance
to get better.
-Okay, we'll prepare everything.
-Okay.
-[phone chimes]
-[cheerful music]
[gasping]
[phone chimes]
[line ringing]
-[Jae-hak] Oh, hello, Professor!
-We've found a donor for Eun-ji.
-Where are you?
-Seriously?
Whoa! Finally! We can save Eun-ji!
-I'm in the on-call room now.
-You know where her mother is right now?
She's probably in the hallway
in front of the PICU. She's always there.
Okay. Get Eun-ji.
Get her off warfarin
and get ready for surgery.
-Got it!
-[phone chimes]
[chuckles softly]
[footsteps approaching]
[Jun-wan breathes heavily]
Excuse me, ma'am.
Oh, Doctor Kim.
-I didn't know that you were still here.
-I'm not so sure if I can go home tonight.
-Why not? Are you on duty again?
-I'm not.
I have to perform
Eun-ji's heart transplant.
A donor has just been found.
We'll be receiving the heart.
[whimpers]
[emotional music]
There's still a brain death assessment.
The first one's done.
We're waiting for the second.
Eun-ji will get the heart
provided there are no major issues.
[sobs]
You've waited so long for this.
You know, many things have happened
in the past five months
since she got the VAD,
but thanks to all your patience
and your strong resilience,
this day has finally arrived.
[sniffles]
Doctor Kim.
This really isn't a dream, is it? Hmm?
Is Eun-ji really, finally getting a heart?
Yes, Eun-ji is finally getting a heart.
[gasps]
[sobbing]
[emotional music continues]
What are these for?
[Seok-min sighs]
[exhales]
I found them at home.
Oh.
Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
You did the right thing.
You didn't do anything wrong, huh?
As if there's anything wrong
with yelling at a senior colleague?
Don't be discouraged. Well done.
Did you come all the way here this late
just to say that?
I didn't.
[clicks tongue]
I'm sorry, Seon-bin.
I was out of line.
I know you only really care.
[sighs]
I guess I'm just insecure.
I'm sorry.
Do you know what that flower symbolizes?
No, what?
Love and forgiveness.
[chuckles softly]
How do you know that?
Your parents must really own
a flower shop.
Every kind. We have tulips in every color.
Just tell me what you like.
I'll bring any that you want.
-Aren't you hungry?
-[chuckles]
'Cause that gimbap place is still open…
Right, you're still on duty.
I'll pick some up. You stay.
[cheerful music]
[cheerful music continues]
[Jun-wan] Because she's been hooked up
to the VAD for a long while now,
the adhesion will be pretty severe,
so it's gonna take us a while
to dissect the adhesion.
The heart might be a bit too big,
so she may be leaving the OR
with the chest open.
But you know…
no matter what happens now,
I wanna save Eun-ji today.
The two of you and Eun-ji
have endured so much the past months
just to get to this point.
We've all been waiting
for this exact moment.
And I don't wanna be the one to ruin it.
OPERATING UNIT
I'll do my absolute best.
I will save Eun-ji.
[soft music]
-[beeping]
-[doors rattle]
[sobbing]
SURGERY PATIENT FAMILY
WAITING ROOM
[sobbing]
-[somber music]
-[sobs]
-[Eun-ji's mom] Oh, God.
-[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
I'm just…
I'm so happy for you…
from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you very much.
The surgery's gonna go well,
so don't you worry about anything.
[chuckles softly]
Thank you so much.
-[crying]
-[Eun-ji's mom] Oh, my goodness.
Oh, dear.
[emotional music]
[Eun-ji's mom] There, there.
[scoffs]
What, are you not feeling well today?
You look like you've lost a lot of weight.
I'm fine. I'm all good.
[sighs]
Weird.
-Hello, Professor.
-Hello, Professor
Hey! It's been a while, Professor Kim.
Listen. Do you have a moment to spare?
[Jun-wan] Yes, Doctor.
[cell phone ringing]
SISTER
Hey, what's up, sis?
You rarely call me first.
[Ik-sun crying]
Ik-jun.
Are you okay?
[Ik-sun] I wasn't feeling well last week,
I went to a doctor,
got some tests done and found out that…
my liver somatic index is over 300.
[Ik-sun sobs]
The doctor said it's over 300,
and my bile ducts look a bit swollen.
What should I do?
Come home at once.
[Ik-sun sobbing]
You do know this is serious, right?
[Ik-sun continues sobbing]
Oh, my goodness.
Come on, don't cry, Ik-sun. It's okay.
You don't need to worry about a thing.
I'm going to fix it.
Just come home immediately.
I'll send you money for your flight…
Actually, no.
I'll book your flight for you myself,
so come home tomorrow. You got it, huh?
All right, but please…
make sure to keep this to yourself.
-I don't want anyone to find out.
-Okay.
Is that important right now?
There's a chance you'll need a transplant.
Just don't tell anyone.
I don't want them to know.
All right. But for now,
let's just focus on treating you.
I won't tell anyone.
I'll keep it to myself.
Don't tell Mom and Dad, either. Okay?
-Okay, I won't.
-And also…
don't tell Jun-wan.
[dramatic music]
Don't you ever tell Jun-wan,
no matter what happens, Ik-jun.
You understand?
[slurps]
[sighs]
["Let's Forget It" playing]
[in Korean]
♪ Let's now forget ♪
♪ We must forget ♪
♪ The day we prayed on our knees
In the empty cathedral ♪
♪ Let's forget it now ♪
♪ Let's now forget ♪
♪ We must forget ♪
♪ Forget all the meanings
Behind my birthday gifts to you ♪
♪ Let's forget it now ♪
♪ The day we prayed on our knees
In the empty cathedral ♪
♪ Let's forget it now ♪
♪ Forget all the meanings
Behind my birthday gifts to you ♪
♪ Let's forget it now ♪
♪ The night I got drunk
And confessed my feelings for you ♪
♪ Let's forget it now ♪
♪ Walking together on the snowy day
It felt like a romantic movie scene ♪
♪ We must forget it now ♪
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
-Hello. I'm your hallucination.
-[Ik-jun] ♪ Let's now forget ♪
[laughs]
[Ik-jun] ♪ We must forget ♪
♪ Forget all the meanings
Behind my birthday gift to you ♪
♪ Let's now forget ♪
♪ We must forget ♪
♪ The night I got drunk
And confessed my feelings for you ♪
♪ Let's now forget ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la ♪
Patient Lee Gyeong-mi has a visitor today.
Yes. She's been getting visitors somehow,
twice a day since yesterday.
You didn't know?
Seems it was a social media post.
Volunteers to keep her company.
But who posted it?
[sighs]
Here, look.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
KIMJUNWAN
THIS IS PROFESSOR KIM JUN-WAN
OF YULJE MEDICAL CENTER…
[So-yeon] Professor Kim posted it
using his personal social media account.
Of course, we talked to Ms. Lee about it
in advance just to make sure.
She's seems so happy now.
She said she doesn't feel lonely anymore.
[laughs]
Gosh,
I wonder why
I hadn't thought of that before.
So many people have applied already.
The social services team is going through
the list to arrange everything
and set schedules.
When it comes to Professor Kim, that guy…
That guy…
I will never figure him out.
[laughs]
["Let's Forget It" playing]
[in Korean]
♪ Let's now forget ♪
♪ We must forget ♪
[sighs]
Next song.
[drum beating]
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
[Ik-jun] So, tell us, Song-hwa.
Why did you call us here all here
in the middle of the day?
[Song-hwa] I'm going to
take a little break.
I need to recharge.
Aren't you coming to Seoul anymore?
Just forget I exist, okay?
[Seon-bin] Professor,
I have a question I wanna ask.
[Seok-hyeong] Why the heck
am I always like this?
The moment I'm faced
with any difficulties,
I think of running away.
[Rosa] Why bring your son into this?
Don't make things harder for him.
And you should stop meddling
in his life from now on.
[Jong-su] I have no regrets
left in the life I've lived.
[Rosa] You've only just turned 70.
How could you say all that?
[Jeong-won] We can see the ocean
and then go for a drive.
-We'll spend a few days.
-[Gyeo-ul] Do you think we'll ever get to?
-Why? Are you going somewhere?
-[Gyeo-ul] You should promise me too.
[Jun-wan] Tell me. What is this?
-[Jeong-won] Why aren't you asleep?
-[Jun-wan] I'm going to.
I can't seem to sleep.
I can still have dinner with you.
So, then what about Gyeo-ul?
Is there something
that you should be telling me?
[Gyeo-ul] I can't promise you
I won't do it again.
I just can't.
Can't you even trust us anymore?
All right. I was just asking.
[Jeong-won] I'm asking you to tell me
right away if anything happens to Gyeo-ul.